# Random Key:Value Pair Generator

This code generates a specified number of random JSON objects with nested key-value pairs, and writes them to a file. The keys and data types of the key-value pairs are specified in a separate file.



## Requirements

- Python 3
- argparse library (comes with Python)
- os library (comes with Python)
- random library (comes with Python)
- string library (comes with Python)
- json library (comes with Python)
- typing library (comes with Python)



## Usage
The data generation program is used to generate random data in the form of key-value pairs that can be stored in a key-value store.

To use this code, open a terminal or command prompt in the same directory as the code file and run the following command:
```python
python3 random_key-value_generator.py -n <number of lines> -m <maximum keys> -l <maximum string length> -d <maximum level of nesting> -f <key file>
```


### Parameters

- `'-k'`: a file containing a space-separated list of key names and their data types that can be used to generate tha data
- `'-n'`: the number of data items to generate
- `'-d`': the maximum depth of nesting for the key-value pairs
- `'-l'`: the maximum length of string values
- `'-m'`: the maximum number of keys per nesting level
-  `'o'`: the name of the generated data file



### Example

```python
python3 random_data_generation.py -k keyFile.txt -n 50 -d 3 -l 4 -m 5 -o outputFile.txt
```
This command will generate 50 JSON objects with a maximum of 5 keys each, string values with a maximum length of 4, and a maximum level of nesting of 3. The keys and data types for the key-value pairs are specified in the "keyFile.txt" file.


### Key File Format

The file containing the space-separated list of key names and their data types should contain one key and its data type per line, separated by a single space. The data type can be "string", "int", or "float".

Here is an example "keyFile.txt" file:

```python
key1 string
key2 int
key3 float
```


### Output Data Format

The generated JSON objects will be written to a .txt file in the same directory as the code file. Each JSON object will be on its own line. 



## Notes

- If a key-value pair is nested, the value will be a JSON object with its own set of key-value pairs.
- Keys at the root level must be unique. If a key appears more than once at the root level, it will be suffixed with random strings.
- The data generated by the program may not make sense and is intended for testing and development purposes only.
